New doc for Event analyzer (#548)
replicatedhq/troubleshoot.sh: docs/source/analyze/event.md

---
title: Event
description: Perform analysis and checks on Kubernetes Events found in the cluster
---

> The `Event` analyzer checks if an Event is existed within the cluster resources in a given namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Event` analyzer checks if an Event exists within the cluster resources in a given namespace.
```

The analyzer uses data from the [clusterResources collector](https://troubleshoot.sh/collect/cluster-resources).

> The `clusterResources` collector is automatically added and will always be present.

Author: I copied the text from `deploymentStatus` and believe the analysis currently looks the same for others analyzers such as `statefulsetStatus`, `replicasetStatus`, `jobStatus` etc. I reckon we can discuss this in other PR to include `ignoreIfNoFiles` to more analyzers. Please let me know your thought.

> The `clusterResources` collector is automatically added and will always be present.

Reviewer 2: Thinking about it some more, I think its fine to leave it as is. Anyone defining this analyser expects cluster resources to exist

The target Event can be identified by `Reason`, `Kind` or a regular expression matching the Event `Message`.

The outcomes on this analyzer will be processed in order, and execution will stop after the first outcome that is truthy.

> The analyzer also has access to all fields in the Event [object](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.29/#event-v1-core), Go templating can be used for dynamic message. E.g. `{{ .Reason }} {{ .InvovledObject.Name }}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The analyzer also has access to all fields in the Event [object](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/cluster-resources/event-v1/), Go templating can be used for dynamic message. E.g. `{{ .Reason }} {{ .InvovledObject.Name }}`
```

> The analyzer also has access to all fields in the Event [object](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.29/#event-v1-core), Go templating can be used for dynamic message. E.g. `{{ .Reason }} {{ .InvovledObject.Name }}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The analyzer also has access to all fields in the Event [object](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.29/#event-v1-core). Go templating can be used for dynamic message. For example, `{{ .Reason }} {{ .InvovledObject.Name }}`
```

## Parameters

> **reason**: (Required) Event Reason. E.g. `InvalidDiskCapacity`. Possible reasons list can be referred from Kubernetes [source code](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/pkg/kubelet/events/event.go)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**reason**: (Required) Event Reason. For example, `InvalidDiskCapacity`. Possible reasons list can be referred from Kubernetes [source code](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/pkg/kubelet/events/event.go)
```

**namespace**: (Optional) The namespace to look for the deployment in.
If specified, analysis will be limited to deployments in this namespace.

> **kind**: (Optional) The REST resource the Event represents. E.g. `Pod`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**kind**: (Optional) The REST resource the Event represents. For example,`Pod`
```
